The return banquet of the richest Qiaojia daughter in the country
The original sound is so fast
Ha, get on the plane.
Those foreign people have long been unhappy with Nangong
I just want to make things difficult while he is frustrated
Wait until he returns to the group
It is found that not only foreign projects are gone
My own home was also stolen
I wonder what kind of expression he will have.
I'm really looking forward to it.
Song Nian Yi, Song Nian Yi
Let you feel it tonight
The taste of falling from the sky into the quagmire
Now let you enjoy it
Long time no see.
Ha ha.
Ah!
Thank you for your appreciation.
Attending my granddaughter's homecoming party
Today, I specially prepared good wine and tea
Feel free to do so
This song turned out to be Silver Sword Emperor Wine
This is an aristocratic drink that money can't buy
It seems that Mr. Joe
You attach great importance to this return banquet
By the way, why haven't you seen the guardian daughter for a long time?
This allows us all to
I don't have time to get familiar
Right?
Exactly.
Don't worry everyone
The princess?
Isn't it the last to appear?
Ah, hahaha, the daughter of the Qiao family has arrived.